Clarify relation PID <-> thread (#1466)
Scalingo/documentation: _posts/platform/internals/2000-01-01-container-sizes.md

</table>

Bigger container sizes are available upon request on the support.

> As a note, each new process will require a PID and inside each process, each thread will neeed one too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a note, each new process will require a PID and inside each process, each thread will need one too.
```

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't use the future tense here:

```suggestion
As a note, each new process requires a PID. And inside each process, each thread needs one too.
```
